[DEV-1516]: submit keys question form (#756)
pagopa/developer-portal: .changeset/khaki-bags-call.md

---
"nextjs-website": patch
---

> Handle question form submit with a combination of keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handle webinar questions form submit with a combination of keys
```
